the staff well and today I will teach how
make a pistol use springs from one of hers
It is likely that you have already seen some
toy for but not in the format
that I'm going to teach you is the toy that
You have already seen several years of
existence on the internet but does not know
Sure, whoever created it, I can not let it go.
he has since I do not know who
I was really I have been creating
This but I did not go
is so I will not lie but faces
this part of the entrepreneur and I think
with much better the project is since
was the entrepreneur and much easier
shoot and gun gets stronger like this
on hand here
so this gives to point best thing
What you have to do is set up a
spring and will need to draw is in the
parts very quickly brings us
for this pause and you design so
guarín to have this match you have
be very careful and if they are
children have to ask for help from an adult
sure it will not matter from us
to help
initially take this rectangle out and
then make this channel to be more
easy you make a 90 degree cut or
be a cut because of ldu and design
then make a slanted cut to
intersect with 90 degree cuts and
so ready it 's easier to take
to finish lincoln chavo just take out is
in those works and this is everything else
luizinho have to make the other party
procedure on the part of the channel is
ie make it cut 90 degrees one side
on the other side and then do
five cuts inclined to accept the
90 degree cuts
You gotta have love instead.
these little bits
You can see red here better until
here and now leave one part in the other
He has to make sure everything is okay.
made before the political party has to
walk freely you are all right
just to scratch one part to another I'm going to use
a super glue but you can use
against schools with the left either
use glue to glue the wood glue that almost
the same thing but at last can be
faced from the front are are coke
Really
the important thing is that it does not overflow
part of the internal channels can not be
use in the adhesive to fit to the
entrepreneur you initially have to
make this cut here that I won
then he has correctly reported
triangular and see the angle
approximate to make the part of the
incubator have to join one for
grind again here super glue has to
do two parts with more here
I've already done another here because it's clear
part to another point glue only to
tanguá
the former becomes too large if
you leave yes
you should cut is the size of
be right for your mother to make and
uses a metal saw with salazar era
total and not use that for matter
even though the cut is not so
accurate since the teeth was normal
are too large that you have to use a
little of the glue fits much in the
other
to finish it just fit the one to
I told you to switch to the
end of the weapon
which is something that a difficult climate
taking care of the springs that you
use but this part here from Iran of
my balls were pretty rubbish and
Sunday you fit into one thing only
If you're going to use this, you have to use
goggles and has to be
quite responsible because there are some
Strength ok and does not point against me is equal
protection can use the sun also right and
ready to shoot I see a pistol here
normal that it was ready to close a
kitten and that 's it
I just hope the state if you want.
to help the channel is just to leave a like and
shall be entered if they are not
Do you have any suggestion of the project?
leave us comments that will later
try to do as always did hit the i
tomorrow